Hi my name is Balazs alter from Budapest Hungary.
And welcome to my course on machine learning.
And now we're all networks in Python.
So first of all let me tell a few words about myself.
I'm from Budapest Hungary.
I'm qualified as a physicist and later on I decided to get a master's degree in applied mathematics.
Currently I'm working as a software engineer and I'm interested in algorithms and artificial intelligence.
So what you are going to get from this course we are going to talk about three main topics machine learning
computer vision and now we're on networks as far as machine learning is concerned.
We are going to talk about most of the relevant approaches such as regression nearest neighbor classifier
name based classifier support vector machines bagging and boosting and clustering algorithms.
We are going to talk about a theoretical background and we are going to implement give him problems
with the help of Python libraries.
The next topic is about computer vision.
We are going to talk about Viola Jones algorithm for object detection.
We are going to talk about phase detection and we will use Open see the library in order to achieve
this objective.
The last topic is now we're all networks and deep learning.
So we are going to talk about feet for Verdon were all networks deep our own networks.
Convolutional Now what role networks and recurrent neural networks.
Again we are going to talk about a technical background and then we are going to implement these problems
with the help of carers and with the help of Google's open source dance or flow framework.
What's very important that there is an HD option for the lectures.
So if you find your videos blurry you just have to set it to an HD option like you do it on YouTube
for example.
Thanks for joining my corps lads get started.